README.md, before:

### Description:
- This is a project that intends to automate the process of booking meetings.

---

### Use case:
- User1 gets an email from User2 wanting to book a meeting
- User1 sends back a link to a site 
- User2 opens the site and sees a UI with available time slots
- User2 presses a time slot and creates a booking
- User1 gets notified about the requested booking
- User1 can approve or disapprove the booking

---

### Requirements:
- Should be able to add events in google calendar
- Should be able to send email notifications
- Should be able to show available spots
- Should check user calendar in case they book something into available spots
- User should be able to pick which times are going to be available to book, weekly, monthly or yearly (for instance Tuesdays at 3 PM is available all year, Monday at 2 PM is only available today etc)
- The user that books meeting should be able to add in details for the meeting
    - Might have options like: type of meeting [Phone, Video, Face to Face]
    - Adding in a note for what the meeting is about 
    - Name of booker, name of the company
    - Phone number and email
    - if it's a video conference an option for adding a link to the site of the meeting is required
- Main user should be able to approve or disapprove booking 

---

### Edge cases:
- User1 is in the process of booking an appointment and User2 books it before User1 finishes. So once User1 is done it is no longer available.
    - Solution: When a user presses a time slot it becomes unavailable straight away. And if they cancel or get disapproved it will become available again.

Commit message:

Attract Helpers
Hey Kalle!

Just wanted to give you some tips on open source projects. Here is an excellent example of an open-source project https://github.com/crybapp . Some ways you can get people helping out with your document is to add a tag named "good first issue". That would bring new people in to help out and more experienced people in to help out with the harder issues.

I updated the readme to include a "want to help out" section and removed a bullet point from the description.

README.md, after:

### Description:
This is a project that intends to automate the process of booking meetings.

---

### Use case:
- User1 gets an email from User2 wanting to book a meeting
- User1 sends back a link to a site 
- User2 opens the site and sees a UI with available time slots
- User2 presses a time slot and creates a booking
- User1 gets notified about the requested booking
- User1 can approve or disapprove the booking

---

### Requirements:
- Should be able to add events in google calendar
- Should be able to send email notifications
- Should be able to show available spots
- Should check user calendar in case they book something into available spots
- User should be able to pick which times are going to be available to book, weekly, monthly or yearly (for instance Tuesdays at 3 PM is available all year, Monday at 2 PM is only available today etc)
- The user that books meeting should be able to add in details for the meeting
    - Might have options like: type of meeting [Phone, Video, Face to Face]
    - Adding in a note for what the meeting is about 
    - Name of booker, name of the company
    - Phone number and email
    - if it's a video conference an option for adding a link to the site of the meeting is required
- Main user should be able to approve or disapprove booking 

---

### Edge cases:
- User1 is in the process of booking an appointment and User2 books it before User1 finishes. So once User1 is done it is no longer available.
    - Solution: When a user presses a time slot it becomes unavailable straight away. And if they cancel or get disapproved it will become available again.


---

## Want to help out?
I encourage everyone to help out with this project, no matter what your skill base is. If you know any form of coding, look at the issues (in special those labelled as "good first issue", for the newcomers), and make Pull Requests! Make issues! Make reviews! Make!
Any help is appreciated and will be taken kindly!
